OIDC pi (#266)
timeseer-ai/kukur: docs/source/piwebapi-af-template.asciidoc

Kerberos https://docs.osisoft.com/bundle/pi-web-api/page/authentication-methods.html[authentication] is tried.
When Basic authentication is required,
set the `username` and `password` fields in the configuration.

> To use OIDC Bearer token authorization, set the `oidc_token_url`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use OpenID Connect Bearer token authentication, set the `oidc_token_url`,
```
